"DOI"	"Title"	"Authors"	"AuthorAffiliations"	"CorrespondingAuthor"	"CorrespondingAuthorEmail"	"PublicationDate"	"Abstract"	"Keywords"	"FullText"
"1"	"339275"	"An Expression Profile of Active Genes in Cultured Human Keratinocytes"	"Hiroko Kita,Kousaku Okubo,Kenichi Matsubara"	"Institute for Molecular and Cellular Biology, Osaka University,Institute for Molecular and Cellular Biology, Osaka University,Institute for Molecular and Cellular Biology, Osaka University"	"Kenichi Matsubara"	NA	"01 February 1996"	"An expression profile of genes active in cultured human keratinocytes was obtained by collecting 770 partial sequences froma 3'-directed cDNA library that faithfully represents the mRNA population in the source cells. Ninety-four species composed of 258 clones occurred recurrently, and 512 clones appeared only once. The gene which showed the most abundant expression codes for type I keratin 14, the major keratin that is known to be strongly expressed in the basal layer of the epidermis. Altogether 242 gene species were identified in GenBank, 9.5% of which encode cytoskeletal proteins and 14.5% the components of protein synthesis. Keratin synthesis, the unique property of the keratinocyte, has been measured by elevating the level of transcription of several keratin genes. However, there was no expression of the differentiation markers, type II keratin 1 (K1) or type I keratin 10 (K10), indicating that the cells used for our cDNA library construction were in the pre-differentiation stage. By comparing this expression profile with seven expression profiles fromother tissues/cells, four clones, including a novel clone were tentatively identified as specific to keratinocytes."	"keratinocyte,gene expression,keratin,gene signature,expression profile,bodymap"	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/1/1/6935473/dnares_3_1_1.pdf"
"2"	"339276"	"Prediction of the Coding Sequences of Unidentified Human Genes. V. The Coding Sequences of 40 New Genes (KIAA0161-KIAA0200) Deduced by Analysis of cDNA Clones from Human Cell Line KG-1"	"Takahiro Nagase,Naohiko Seki,Ken-ichi Ishikawa,Ayako Tanaka,Nobuo Nomura"	"Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute"	"Nobuo Nomura"	NA	"01 February 1996"	" As part of our continuing efforts to accumulate information on the coding region of unidentified human genes, we newly determined the sequences of40 cDNA clones of human cell line KG-1 which correspond to relatively long and nearly full-length transcripts, and predicted the coding sequences of the corresponding genes, named KIAA0161 to 0200. The average size ofthe cDNA clones analyzed was approximately 5.0 kb. A computer search of the sequences in public databases indicated that the sequences of 20 genes were unrelated to any reported genes, while the remaining 20 genes carried sequences which show some similarities to known genes. Among the genes in the latter category, KIAA0167 contained a Zn-finger motif with significant structural similarity to that of the yeast transcription factor GCS1 , and KIAA0189 was classified into the RhoGAP gene family. Stretches of typical CAG (Gln) repeats, which were often correlated with genetic disorders, were found in KIAA0181 and KIAA0192. Another novel repeat composed of alternating Arg and Glu was identified in KIAA0182. Northern hybridization analysis demonstrated that 10 genes are expressed in a cell- or tissue-specific manner. "	"full-length cDNA sequence,CAG repeat,transcriptional factor,RhoGAP gene family,myeloid cell line KG-1"	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/1/17/6935477/dnares_3_1_17.pdf"
"3"	"339279"	"Conservation and Periodicity of DNA Bend Sites in Eukaryotic Genomes"	"Yuko Wada-Kiyama,Ryoiti Kiyama"	"Department of Physiology, Nippon Medical School,Institute of Molecular and Cellular Biosciences, University of Tokyo"	"Ryoiti Kiyama"	"kiyamar@hgc.ims.u-tokyo.ac.jp"	"01 February 1996"	" DNA bend sites appear every 680 bp on average in the human <U+03F5>- and ß-globin gene regions. Although most of their molecular nature has not been unraveled, a potential bend core sequence A 2 N 8 A 2 N 8 A 2 (A/A/A) and its complementary T 2 N 8 T 2 N 8 T 2 (T/T/T) appeared preferentially either in or very close to most of the bend sites, whereas other combinations of A 2 and T 2 dinucleotides, A/T/T + A/A/T, T/T/A + T/A/A and A/T/A + T/A/T, did not. The distances between any two of the core sequences in the entire ß-globin locus showed a strong bias to a length of 701–800 bp and multiples thereof, suggesting that there is periodicity throughout the locus. This bias was not found for other combinations of A 2 and T 2 . Again, this periodicity was identified in many eukaryotic genes, whereas the tendency was absent in mRNAs and prokaryotic as well as viral genomes. "	"periodicity,bent DNA,globin gene,nucleosome phasing"	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/1/25/6935481/dnares_3_1_25.pdf"
"4"	"339284"	"The Nucleotide Sequence of Human Acylamino Acid-Releasing Enzyme"	"Masanori Mitta,Hiroshi Ohnogi,Shigetoshi Mizutani,Fumio Sakiyama,Ikunoshin Kato,Susumu Tsunasawa"	"Biotechnology Research Laboratories, Takara Shuzo Co., Ltd.,Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University,Biotechnology Research Laboratories, Takara Shuzo Co., Ltd.,Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University,Biotechnology Research Laboratories, Takara Shuzo Co., Ltd.,Biotechnology Research Laboratories, Takara Shuzo Co., Ltd."	"Susumu Tsunasawa"	NA	"01 February 1996"	"The nucleotide sequence of a cDNA coding for the human acylamino acid-releasing enzyme (AARE, also known as acylpeptide hydrolase) [EC 3.4.19.1] subunit has been determined. The amino acid sequence of human AARE subunit deduced from its cDNA nucleotide sequence showed a high degree of identity (91.5%) with both the corresponding proteins from the pig and the rat. The AARE cDNA shows 99.2% identity with a 3.3 kb cDNA transcribed from a locus (DNF15S2) on the short arm of human chromosome 3, whose deletion is associated with small cell lung cancer, taking into consideration that the sequence of the 3.3-kb cDNA previously reported was caused by misreading."	"Acylamino Acid-Releasing Enzyme,cDNA sequence,N, -teminal acetylation ,Small cell lung cancer"	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/1/31/6935483/dnares_3_1_31.pdf"
"5"	"339289"	"An Improved Cosmid Vector for the Nested Deletion Method Using the Bacteriophage T3 DNA Packaging System"	"Yutaka Kawarabayasi,Daisuke Nakajima,Hisao Fujisawa,Osamu Ohara"	"Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Department of Botany, Faculty of Science, Kyoto University,Kazusa DNA Research Institute"	"Yutaka Kawarabayasi"	"kyutaka@kazusa.or.jp"	"01 February 1996"	" We constructed a new cosmid vector suitable for the previously developed nested deletion method which used the in vitro DNA packaging system of bacteriophage T3. The first step of this method is linearization of a cosmid clone to be packaged, and we previously introduced cleavage at the cos site using <U+03BB>-Terminase, but optimization of the reaction conditions was required for complete digestion because of its instability. In the newly constructed vector, pAT5, the sites of 4 different restriction enzymes, Sse 8387I, Asc I, Fse I and Pme I, each of which recognizes an 8-bp sequence (8-base cutter) were introduced in the vicinity of the cos site. In addition, the species of restriction sites for cloning were increased to broaden its application. The cosmid clone constructed by this new vector could be linearized at one of the 8-base cutter sites which are assumed to rarely occur in the genome, and followed by in vitro packaging, nested deletion clones were successfully prepared. "	"bacteriophage T3 packaging system,nested deletion,cosmid vector,physical mapping"	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/1/37/6935485/dnares_3_1_37.pdf"
"6"	"339292"	"Prediction of the Coding Sequences of Unidentified Human Genes. V. The Coding Sequences of 40 New Genes (KIAA0161-KIAA0200) Deduced by Analysis of cDNA Clones from Human Cell Line KG-1 (Supplement)"	"Takahiro Nagase,Naohiko Seki,Ken-ichi Ishikawa,Ayako Tanaka,Nobuo Nomura"	"Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute"	"Nobuo Nomura"	NA	"01 February 1996"	NA	NA	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/1/43/6935489/dnares_3_1_43.pdf"
"7"	"339294"	"Identification of a Novel Human Gene Containing the Tetratricopeptide Repeat Domain from the Down Syndrome Region of Chromosome 21"	"Miki Ohira,Akira Ootsuyama,Emiko Suzuki,Hitoshi Ichikawa,Naohiko Seki,Takahiro Nagase,Nobuo Nomura,Misao Ohki"	"Laboratory of Gene Structure 1, Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Radiobiology Division, National Cancer Center Research Institute,Laboratory of Gene Structure 1, Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Radiobiology Division, National Cancer Center Research Institute,Laboratory of Gene Structure 1, Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Laboratory of Gene Structure 1, Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Laboratory of Gene Structure 1, Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Radiobiology Division, National Cancer Center Research Institute"	"Miki Ohira"	NA	"01 February 1996"	" The Down syndrome (DS) region on chromosome 21, which is responsible for the DS main features, has been defined by analysis of DS patients with partial trisomy 21. Within the DS region, we constructed a 1.6-Mb P1 contig map previously. To isolate gene fragments from the 1.6-Mb region, we performed direct cDNA library screening and exon trapping using the P1 clones and a human fetal brain cDNA library, and obtained 67 cDNA fragments and 52 possible exons. Among them, 23 cDNA fragments and 4 exons were interpreted to be derived from a single gene by localization on P1 clones and by Northern analysis. To obtain the full-length cDNA sequence, longer cDNA clones were further screened from another human cDNA library which was enriched with longer cDNA species. These clones were sequenced and assembled to a sequence of 9045 bp. This transcribed sequence encodes a novel 2025 amino-acid protein containing tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR) motifs and therefore the gene was designated as TPRD (a gene containing the TPR motifs on the D own syndrome region). The TPR domain has been found in a certain protein phosphatase and in other proteins involved in the regulation of RNA synthesis or mitosis. The TPRD gene, the novel gene which was proved to be in the 1.6-Mb region and to have the interesting features described above, is a candidate for genes responsible for the DS phenotypes. "	"Down syndrome region,exon trapping,direct cDNA library screening,tetratricopeptide repeat"	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/1/9/6935493/dnares_3_1_9.pdf"
"8"	"342335"	"Sequence Analysis of the Genome of the Unicellular Cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. Strain PCC6803. II. Sequence Determination of the Entire Genome and Assignment of Potential Protein-coding Regions"	"Takakazu Kaneko,Shusei Sato,Hirokazu Kotani,Ayako Tanaka,Erika Asamizu,Yasukazu Nakamura,Nobuyuki Miyajima,Makoto Hirosawa,Masahiro Sugiura,Shigemi Sasamoto,Takaharu Kimura,Tsutomu Hosouchi,Ai Matsuno,Akiko Muraki,Naomi Nakazaki,Kaoru Naruo,Satomi Okumura,Sayaka Shimpo,Chie Takeuchi,Tsuyuko Wada,Akiko Watanabe,Manabu Yamada,Miho Yasuda,Satoshi Tabata"	"Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Center for Gene Research, Nagoya University,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute,Kazusa DNA Research Institute"	"Satoshi Tabata"	"tabata@kazusa.or.jp"	"01 June 1996"	" The sequence determination of the entire genome of the Synechocystis sp. strain PCC6803 was completed. The total length of the genome finally confirmed was 3,573,470 bp, including the previously reported sequence of 1,003,450 bp from map position 64% to 92% of the genome. The entire sequence was assembled from the sequences of the physical map-based contigs of cosmid clones and of <U+03BB> clones and long PCR products which were used for gap-filling. The accuracy of the sequence was guaranteed by analysis of both strands of DNA through the entire genome. The authenticity of the assembled sequence was supported by restriction analysis of long PCR products, which were directly amplified from the genomic DNA using the assembled sequence data. To predict the potential protein-coding regions, analysis of open reading frames (ORFs), analysis by the GeneMark program and similarity search to databases were performed. As a result, a total of 3,168 potential protein genes were assigned on the genome, in which 145 (4.6%) were identical to reported genes and 1,257 (39.6%) and 340 (10.8%) showed similarity to reported and hypothetical genes, respectively. The remaining 1,426 (45.0%) had no apparent similarity to any genes in databases. Among the potential protein genes assigned, 128 were related to the genes participating in photosynthetic reactions. The sum of the sequences coding for potential protein genes occupies 87% of the genome length. By adding rRNA and tRNA genes, therefore, the genome has a very compact arrangement of protein- and RNA-coding regions. A notable feature on the gene organization of the genome was that 99 ORFs, which showed similarity to transposase genes and could be classified into 6 groups, were found spread all over the genome, and at least 26 of them appeared to remain intact. The result implies that rearrangement of the genome occurred frequently during and after establishment of this species. "	"Synechocystis, PCC 6803 ,genome sequencing,potential protein genes"	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/3/109/7285933/dnares_3_3_109.pdf"
"9"	"342340"	"A 718-kb DNA Sequence of the Escherichia coli K-12 Genome Corresponding to the 12.7–28.0 min Region on the Linkage Map"	"Taku Oshima,Hiroji Aiba,Tomoya Baba,Katsutoshi Fujita,Kouji Hayashi,Atsuko Honjo,Keiichi Ikemoto,Toshifumi Inada,Takeshi Itoh,Miwako Kajihara,Kiyotaka Kanai,Kaoru Kashimoto,Shigenobu Kimura,Masanari Kitagawa,Kouzou Makino,Shinji Masuda,Takeyoshi Miki,Kiyoshi Mizobuchi,Hirotada Mori,Kouji Motomura,Yoshikazu Nakamura,Hiroko Nashimoto,Yoshitaka Nishio,Noriko Saito,Gen-ichi Sampei,Yasushi Seki,Hideaki Tagami,Keiko Takemoto,Chieko Wada,Yoshihiro Yamamoto,Minoru Yano,Takashi Horiuchi"	"Institute of Medical Science, University of Tokyo,Department of Molecular Biology, School of Science, Nagoya University,Department of Biology, Faculty of Science, Kobe University,Department of Biology, Faculty of Science, Kobe University,National Institute for Basic Biology,Department of Biology, Faculty of Science, Kobe University,Department of Biology, Faculty of Science, Kobe University,Department of Molecular Biology, School of Science, Nagoya University,Research and Education Center of Gene Technology, Nara Institute of Science and Technology,Research and Education Center of Gene Technology, Nara Institute of Science and Technology,Department of Applied Physics and Chemistry, University of Electro-Communications,Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Kyushu University,Research Institute for Microbial Diseases, Osaka University,Research and Education Center of Gene Technology, Nara Institute of Science and Technology,Research Institute for Microbial Diseases, Osaka University,Department of Applied Physics and Chemistry, University of Electro-Communications,Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Kyushu University,Department of Applied Physics and Chemistry, University of Electro-Communications,Research and Education Center of Gene Technology, Nara Institute of Science and Technology,Department of Applied Physics and Chemistry, University of Electro-Communications,Institute of Medical Science, University of Tokyo,Department of BioSciences, Teikyo University,Department of Applied Physics and Chemistry, University of Electro-Communications,Department of BioSciences, Teikyo University,Department of Applied Physics and Chemistry, University of Electro-Communications,Department of Applied Physics and Chemistry, University of Electro-Communications,Department of Molecular Biology, School of Science, Nagoya University,Institute for Virus Research, Kyoto University,Institute for Virus Research, Kyoto University,Department of Genetics, Hyogo College of Medicine,Research and Education Center of Gene Technology, Nara Institute of Science and Technology,National Institute for Basic Biology"	"Takashi Horiuchi"	NA	"01 June 1996"	" The 718,122 base pair (bp) sequence of the Escherichia coli K-12 genome corresponding to the region from 12.7 to 28.0 minutes on the genetic map is described. This region contains at least 682 potential open reading frames, of which 278 (41%) have been previously identified, 147 (22%) were homologous to other known genes, 138 (20%) are identical or similar to the hypothetical genes registered in databases, and the remaining 119 (17%) did not show a significant similarity to any other gene. In this region, we assigned a cluster of cit genes encoding multienzyme citrate lyase, two clusters of fimbrial genes and a set of lysogenic phage genes encoding integrase, excisionase and repressor in the e14 genetic element. In addition, a new valine tRNA gene, designated valZ , and a family of long directly repeated sequences, LDR-A, -B and -C, were found. "	"Escherichia coli, K12 ,genome sequence,ORF analysis"	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/3/137/7285951/dnares_3_3_137.pdf"
"10"	"342343"	"Enlarged Similarity of Nucleic Acid Sequences"	"E. V. Korotkov,M. A. Korotkova"	"117312, Bioengineering Center, Russian Academy of Sciences, and ,Department of Cybernetics, Moscow Physical Engineering Institute,117312, Bioengineering Center, Russian Academy of Sciences, and ,Department of Cybernetics, Moscow Physical Engineering Institute"	"E. V. Korotkov"	"korotkov@biengi.msk.su"	"01 June 1996"	"The concept of nucleic acid sequence base alternations is presented. The number of base alterations for the sequences of different length is established. The definition of “enlarged similarity” of nucleic acids sequences on the basis of sequence base alterations is introduced. Mutual information between sequences is used as a quantitative measure of enlarged similarity for two compared sequences. The method of mutual information calculation is developed considering the correlation of bases in compared sequences. The definitions of correlated similarity and evolution similarity between compared sequences are given. Results of the use of enlarged similarity approach for DNA sequences analysis are discussed."	"DNA sequence,computer analysis,sequence base alteration,mutual information,enlarged similarity"	"https://academic.oup.com/dnaresearch/article-pdf/3/3/157/7285965/dnares_3_3_157.pdf"
